Update selenium tutorial (#160)
TeamDev-IP/JxBrowser-Examples: tutorials/selenium/README.md

# JxBrowser and Selenium WebDriver

This tutorial demonstrates how to create a simple Selenium WebDriver application
that is configured to access a web page in a desktop Java application based on
JxBrowser.

Creating of these example projects is described in
the [tutorial](https://jxbrowser-support.teamdev.com/docs/tutorials/integration/selenium.html).

> The tutorial is available on all supported platforms.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Prerequisites

> The tutorial requires the `jpackage` tool available in `PATH` so make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial requires the `jpackage` tool available in `PATH`, so make sure that
```

the environment variable contains the `%JAVA_HOME%/bin` directory.

## Building and Launching

1. In the [root](../..) directory, run the `downloadChromeDriver` task of
   the [launcher](launcher) module to download ChromeDriver to the
   `resources` directory:
   
   **Windows:**
   ```bash

>    gradlew launcher:downloadChromeDriver

Reviewer: Is it `gradlew` or `gradlew.exe`?

Author: the first one

   ```
   
   **macOS/Linux:**
     ```bash
   ./gradlew launcher:downloadChromeDriver
   ```

>    > **_NOTE:_** Each version of ChromeDriver corresponds to the same version of
>    Chromium used in JxBrowser. So if you change the JxBrowser version in the
>    root [build.gradle.kts](../../build.gradle.kts) you need to update the
>    `chromiumVersion` property [here](launcher/build.gradle.kts)
>    before running the `downloadChromeDriver` task. Otherwise, Selenium WebDriver
>    will not be able to connect to Chromium. You can find the Chromium version of
>    the specific JxBrowser version in
>    the [release notes](https://teamdev.com/jxbrowser/release-notes/) of the
>    last, or in one of the previous version where Chromium has been updated.
> 2. [Insert your license key](https://teamdev.com/jxbrowser/docs/guides/introduction/licensing/#adding-the-license-to-a-project)
>    into [the test application](./target-app/src/main/java/TargetApp.java).
> 3. In the [root](../..) directory, run the `buildApplication` task
>    of the [target-app](target-app) module to create an executable file for the
>    current platform that later will be run by Selenium WebDriver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Each version of ChromeDriver corresponds to the Chromium version used in JxBrowser. If you change the JxBrowser version in [build.gradle.kts](../../build.gradle.kts) you need to update the
   `chromiumVersion` property [here](launcher/build.gradle.kts)
   before running the `downloadChromeDriver` task. Otherwise, Selenium WebDriver
   will not be able to connect to Chromium. You can find which Chromium version is used in the specific JxBrowser version in
   the [release notes](https://teamdev.com/jxbrowser/release-notes/).
2. [Insert your license key](https://teamdev.com/jxbrowser/docs/guides/introduction/licensing/#adding-the-license-to-a-project)
   into [the test application](./target-app/src/main/java/TargetApp.java).
3. In the [root](../..) directory, run the `buildApplication` task
   of the [target-app](target-app) module to create an executable file for the
   current platform that later will be run by Selenium WebDriver.
```

   **Windows:**
   ```bash
   gradlew target-app:clean target-app:buildApplication
   ```
   
   **macOS/Linux:**
   ```bash
   ./gradlew target-app:clean target-app:buildApplication
   ```
   
4. Run [Selenium](launcher/src/main/java/SeleniumLauncher.java).
5. If everything configured properly, you will see the launched test

>    application, and the following in the console output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   application, and the following console output:
```
